Add how-to on custom themes (#69)
projectsyn/component-keycloak: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/custom-theme.adoc

= Configure Custom Theme

Keycloak provides theme support for web pages and emails.
This allows customizing the look and feel of end-user facing pages so they can be integrated with your applications.

> Our approach to configure a custom theme in Kubernetes is to bundle the theme in a Docker container and copy it to the correct location as an init container.

Author: You corrected this a number of times and I really don't have strong feelings about this, but proper English titles should be capitalized..

> Our approach to configure a custom theme in Kubernetes is to bundle the theme in a Docker container and copy it to the correct location as an init container.

Reviewer: Where is that coming from?
Thing is, in Project Syn and other various component documentation we only capitalized the first word. So we should stay consistent

> Our approach to configure a custom theme in Kubernetes is to bundle the theme in a Docker container and copy it to the correct location as an init container.

Author: Fair enough, but pretty much all English guidelines capitalize titles:

* [APA](https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/capitalization/title-case)
* [AP](https://www.apstylebook.com/)
* [NY Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/03/22/insider/new-york-times-stylebook.html)
* [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Manual_of_Style/Titles)
* A lot more

Here is a good overview page: https://capitalizemytitle.com/

If we decide to not capitalize titles for Project Syn that's fine. But it as a weird design decision.

> Our approach to configure a custom theme in Kubernetes is to bundle the theme in a Docker container and copy it to the correct location as an init container.

Reviewer: I personally have no hard feelings and would have also capitalized this, but :shrug:

== Creating Custom Theme

A theme can provide one or more types to customize different aspects of Keycloak.
A theme consists of: HTML templates, images, message bundles, stylesheets, scripts and theme properties.

Follow xref:how-tos/keycloak-tls.adoc[the official guide] on how to create a custom theme or take a look at https://github.com/vshn/keycloak-theme[our current theme] for inspiration.

Once you have created your custom theme, you'll need to package it into a Docker image.

[source,dockerfile]
----
FROM docker.io/library/busybox

COPY theme /theme

RUN \
  chmod -R ugo+r /theme

USER 1001:0
----

> == Deploying Custom Theme
> 
> With the theme accessible as a Docker image we can deploy it using an init container.
> In combination with an emptyDir that's shared with the Keycloak container, we copy the theme over to the right place where Keycloak will pick it up automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Deploying custom theme

With the theme accessible in a container image we can deploy it using an init container.
In combination with an emptyDir volume that's shared with the Keycloak container, we copy the theme over to the right place where Keycloak will pick it up automatically.
```
